Hoshiarpur Plant 
01/18
SMG ELECTRIC SCOOTERS
high-performance green technology.
entrepreneurs leads the global transition toward
industrial scale, ensuring the next generation of
ecosystem  where  academic  brilliance  meets
technical mentorship, SMG is cultivating a robust
Through  specialized  incubation  initiatives  and
empowering college students and young startups.
catalyst for innovation, placing a strategic focus on
 Beyond manufacturing excellence, the company is a
sustainable mobility and intelligent automation. 
professionals.
and driving India’s technological leadership in
crore turnover with a workforce exceeding 3,500
commitment to empowering young visionaries
the enterprise has achieved a formidable ₹9,000
strategic  initiative  underscores  SMG’s
evolution. Founded by the visionary Mr. Saurav Gupta,
Vehicles (EV), and Machine Learning (ML). This
represents a benchmark in sustainable industrial
potential startups specializing in AI , Electric
Saurav Mittal Group based in Hoshiarpur, Punjab,
corpus of ₹45 lakhs was awarded to five high-
SMG Electric Scooters, the premier flagship of the
fostering next-generation innovation. A total
hosted a high-profile funding event dedicated to
About Company    Venture Fund and Lovely Professional University
In a landmark collaboration, the SMG Mobility
₹45 Lakh Seed Funding Money
Top News
Volume:-3    Issue:- 6   Place:- Hoshiarpur
Contact Number:-+1882-318-705/06/07/08
Email Id:- info@smgelectricscootersltd.com
Aerocity Road, Hoshiarpur 146001.
Registered Office:- Office 370 Mittal Star Towers,
SMG Electric Scooters Ltd
SMG TIMES
----------------Page (0) Break----------------
02/18
THE GREATEST LPU IDEATHON
lead the global shift toward electric transportation.
next generation with the specialized skills required to
a commitment to green technology, equipping the
industry-ready innovators. This initiative underscores
students transition seamlessly from learners to
model—cultivating a professional ecosystem where
curriculum, the CoE fosters a "Relationship Industry"
 By embedding industrial standards directly into the
and sustainable mobility solutions.
drivetrain integration, battery management systems, mobility solutions.
engage in hands-on training focused on electric of  sustainable,  high-performance  electric
dedicated hub for technical mastery, where students
excellence, we continue to accelerate the future
EV industry. This high-tech facility serves as a
integrating academic innovation with industrial
bridge between academia and the rapidly evolving
advanced R&D and precision manufacturing. By
at CT Group of Institutions represents a strategic
capacity of 100 units, serves as a hub for
The SMG Electric Scooters Centre of Excellence (CoE)
This strategic facility, featuring a monthly
production line at Lovely Professional University.
inauguration of our state-of-the-art pilot
Centre of excellence
SMG Electric Scooters is proud to announce the
Pilot Production line:-
Top News
Volume:-3    Issue:- 6   Place:- Hoshiarpur
Contact Number:-+1882-318-705/06/07/08
Email Id:- info@smgelectricscootersltd.com
Aerocity Road, Hoshiarpur 146001.
Registered Office:- Office 370 Mittal Star Towers,
SMG Electric Scooters Ltd
SMG TIMES
----------------Page (1) Break----------------
02/20
across Jalandhar. 
cultivates an elite entrepreneurial ecosystem
with sustainable engineering, the initiative
technology. By integrating AI-driven insights
startups  to  explore  cutting-edge  EV
transformative platform for students and
This  high-level  forum  provides  a
empower the next generation of innovators.
collaboration with M ic ro s o ft  fo r  s ta rtu p s  to
U n iv e rs ity ,   represents   a   landmark
Id e a th o n , hosted at L o v e ly    P ro fe s s io n a l
The S M G  E le c tric  S c o o te rs  A I S u m  m  it a n d  E V
Ideathon 2025
AI Innovation Summit &EV
T O P  N E W  S
----------------Page (2) Break----------------
centric workplace excellence.
in electric mobility, but in human-
to being an industry leader—not just
remain steadfast in our commitment
we celebrate this milestone, we
is the heartbeat of our success. As
our incredible team. Your dedication
We extend our deepest gratitude to
excellence thrive. 
maintaining a workplace where
investing  in  our  people  and
every day. We remain committed to
collaboration  drive  our  success
team,  whose  passion  and
award belongs to our dedicated
empowering  environment.  This
supportive,    inclusive,    and
electric  mobility  starts  with  a
 At SMG, we believe that innovation in
at our corporate office.
fostering an exceptional work culture
our unwavering commitment to
This prestigious accolade reflects
Forbes as a B e s t E m  p lo y e r fo r 2 0 2 5 .
S c o o te rs  has been recognized by
announce  that  S M G     E le c tric
We  are  incredibly  honored  to
HIGHLIGHTED EVENTS
----------------Page (3) Break----------------
05/18
09/02
sustainable mobility solutions. 
green technology revolution.               facility accelerates the development of
entrepreneurs, reinforcing its commitment to India’s  leveraging elite engineering talent, the
ecosystem for the next generation of engineers and  energy storage and thermal stability. By
industrial scale, focusing on high-efficiency
industry experts, SMG continues to cultivate a robust
integrates  academic  research  with
enterprise. By fostering direct engagement with
technology. This strategic collaboration
the engineering rigor that drives a ₹9,000 crore
systems and electric drive powertrain
battery assembly units, gaining firsthand insight into
advancements in battery management
advanced production lines and high-performance
Delhi,   dedicated   to   pioneering
of  sustainable  mobility.  Attendees  explored
state-of-the-art research laboratory at IIT
students a rare, behind-the-scenes look at the future
SMG Electric Scooters has established a
excellence and industrial scale, the visit offered
 Designed to bridge the gap between theoretical
including IITs, NITs, IIMs, and top-tier universities.
1,200 participants from India’s premier institutions,
collaboration. This high-profile event welcomed over
significant  milestone  in  academic-corporate
prestigious industrial immersion program, marking a
plant in Hoshiarpur, Punjab, recently hosted a
The SMG Electric Scooters flagship manufacturing
Cii Industry -Academia Initiative
Research Lab at IIT DELHI
Industrial Trips and Visits
future-ready engineering talent.
championing technical excellence and
winners  of  the  Robo  Challenge,
SMG awarded ₹50,000 in cash prizes to the
Sponsor. Highlighting this collaboration,
partnership, with SMG serving as the Gold
SMG Electric Scooters forged a premier
Engineering and Technology (Patiala) and
At Saturnalia, the Thapar Institute of
OLOGY & MANAGEMENT
THAPAR INSTITUTE OF TECHN-
----------------Page (4) Break----------------
sustainable technologies of tomorrow.
0 6 /18    commitment  to  investing  in  the
scalability,   reinforcing   SMG’s
and professional development in the Punjab region.
academic research and commercial
new benchmark for sustainable talent acquisition
This  high-impact  initiative  bridged
₹9,000 crore enterprise, SMG Evolve Hack 1.0 has set a
disruptive solutions to industry experts.
academic output with the immediate needs of a
prestigious ₹45 lakh seed fund, pitching
placement within the Saurav Mittal Group. By aligning
Visionary startups competed for a
solving  capabilities  were  awarded  permanent
next generation of mobility pioneers.
demonstrated exceptional innovation and problem-
University, successfully catalyzed the
real-world engineering challenges. Participants who
Scooters  at  Lovely  Professional
traditional recruitment by embedding candidates in
The EV Ideathon, hosted by SMG Electric
industrial excellence, the program moved beyond
vehicle domain. Designed as a rigorous bridge to
demonstrate technical proficiency in the electric
E V  ID E A T H O N  
graduates, offering a high-stakes platform to
targeted  working  professionals  and  final-year
U n iv e rs ity  (P T U ). This elite initiative specifically
Electric  Scooters  and  IK G    P u n ja b    T e c h n ic a l
through a strategic collaboration between SMG
acceleration program, was successfully inaugurated
The S M G  E v o lv e  H a c k  1.0 , a landmark professional
S M G  EV O LV E H A C K   P R O G R A M
our community.
culture and strengthened bonds within
celebrated  our  coporate  wellness
enthusiastic employees. This initiative
November 10th drawing over 500
organized a vibrant Family Walkathon on
SMG  Electric  Scooters  successfully
2 k 2 5
F a m  ily  W  a lk a th o n
----------------Page (5) Break----------------
0 7 / 1 8
IITs, NITs, IIMs, and top-tier universities
India’s premier institutions, including
welcomed over 1,200 participants from
collaboration. This high-profile event
milestone  in  academic-corporate
program,  marking  a  significant
prestigious   industrial   immersion
Hoshiarpur, Punjab, recently hosted a
flagship  manufacturing  plant  in
application.The SMG Electric Scooters
theory and high-performance industrial
bridge the gap between classroom
the next generation of innovators to
infrastructure, the initiative empowers
mentorship   and   industry-grade
technical resources. By providing elite
w o rk in g   sp a c e s  and  specialized
offer  students  sophisticated  c o -
C h a n d ig a rh   a n d   D e lh i.  These facilities
premier S k ill  D e v e lo p m e n t  C e n tre s in
SMG Electric Scooters has inaugurated
T ie c o n  W   o m   e n   2 0 2 5
among India's youth.
fostering a robust entrepreneurial spirit
incentivizing high-caliber engineering and
underscores the group’s commitment to
substantial ₹8  la k h  c a sh  p rize . This initiative
talent of the winning team, SMG awarded a
excellence. Recognizing the extraordinary
of technical innovation and problem-solving
S c o o te rs, concluded as a premier showcase
U n iv e rsity  in collaboration with S M G  E le c tric
The GNA Hackathon, hosted at G N A
----------------Page (6) Break----------------
08/18 the automotive sector.
innovation and nurturing elite talent within
reinforcing our dedication to technical
and the electric vehicle industry.           merchandise  and  premium  goodies,
bridging the gap between academic innovation  teams. Furthermore, we provided custom
and internship opportunities to the top 30
place at Galgotias University, Noida, further
engineers by offering exclusive employment
the upcoming event phase is scheduled to take
empowered  the  next  generation  of
 Looking ahead, we are excited to announce that
sponsor  across  all  programs.  We
merchandise and professional goodies.
Scooters served as a premier in-kind
performing  teams,  alongside  premium
At SAE BAJA INDIA 2026, SMG Electric
opportunities to members of the top 30
offering exclusive employment and internship
empowering the next generation of engineers by
categories and programs. We are committed to
Challenge 2026, supporting all competition
official in-kind sponsor for the SIEP E-bike
SMG Electric Scooters is proud to serve as an
SIEP E-BIke Challenge 2026
BAJA SAE  2026
COLLABORATION WITH
next generation of EV engineers.. 
meaningful professional pathways for the
nurturing technical excellence and providing
partnership underscores our commitment to
internship  offer  letters.  This  strategic
valued at ₹10,000, and paid summer
top-tier innovators by  training vouchers
February 20th–21st, 2026. We empowered
AITHON Hackathon at GGI Ludhiana on
SMG Electric Scooters proudly sponsored the
GGI AITHON 2026 (20-21st February) 
----------------Page (7) Break----------------
industrial growth.
09/18 sustainable economic development and
their ventures and contribute to India’s
to excel . 
empowering local entrepreneurs to scale
pipeline, driving the next generation of innovators
within the mobility and technology sectors,
economic empowerment fosters a resilient talent
infusion aims to catalyze disruptive solutions
dual commitment to professional mentorship and
emerging startups. This strategic capital
transition from concept to commercial reality. This
significant ₹10 crore investment fund for
SMG ensures that disruptive ideas navigate the Bihar Startup Mahakumbh by pledging a
entrepreneurs with seasoned industry veterans, commitment to regional innovation at the
SMG Electric Scooters demonstrated its
strategic scaling support. By pairing visionary
comprehensive  financial  assistance  and
BIHAR MAHAKUMBH 2025
a vital lifeline to young startups through
 Parallel to talent development, the program offers
opportunities within the Saurav Mittal Group.
strategically  aligned  with  high-growth
assistance, ensuring their technical skills are
provides college graduates with bespoke job
potential into industrial leadership. This initiative
ecosystem, designed to transform academic
sophisticated Career Counseling and Mentorship
SMG  Electric  Scooters  has  established  a
Carrer Counselling
----------------Page (8) Break----------------
manufacturing and sustainable design.
10/18 future engineers to master high-performance
world EV applications. This initiative empowers
innovators.  
gap between theoretical mechanics and real-
cultivating a new generation of skilled, self-reliant
 simulation software, the facility bridges the
bridging  the  socio-economic  divide  and
industrial-grade
intervention  empowers  rural  communities,
access to advanced prototyping tools and
independence and digital literacy. This strategic
mechanical engineering students. By providing
assistance,  the  program  fosters  economic
advancement  of  third  and  fourth-year
providing targeted financial aid and technical
stands as a premier hub for the technical
upliftment of rural women and students. By The SMG Innovation Lab in Chinchwad, Pune,
SMG Electric Scooters, is dedicated to the holistic
Saarthi Programme, a flagship CSR initiative by
SMG Saarthi Program 2025-2026                The
Training and Development
SMG Innovation Lab 
the EV sector.
ecosystem, SMG continues to drive innovation in
integrating academic brilliance into its industrial
of interns from third and fourth-year batches. By
engineering talent, resulting in the successful hiring
high-impact event focused on identifying elite
served as a premier talent acquisition platform. This
at Punjab Engineering College (PEC), Chandigarh,
The Startup Fair hosted by SMG Electric Scooters
Startup Fair at PEC
----------------Page (9) Break----------------
inclusive and skilled workforce for the future.
11/18 professional excellence, fostering a more
remains  focused  on  technical  and
reinforces the group’s role. 
Scooters ensures that promising talent
strategic  investment  in  campus-level  talent
barriers to higher education, SMG Electric
next generation of engineers and developers. Thisto ₹4   la k h s. By mitigating the financial
physical accolades, SMG effectively engages the initiative offers substantial assistance of up
year across recognized universities, the
substantial financial rewards with high-quality
undergraduates from the first through fourth
such  as  signature  hoodies.  By  combining
economic  hardships.  Available  to
branded merchandise and executive-tier apparel,
academically  gifted  students  facing
vouchers valued at ₹10,000, alongside premium
provides vital financial empowerment to
performing participants are recognized with gift
under the prestigious K N   M itta l  T ru st,
extensive rewards framework. Winners and high-The S M G  S c h o la rsh ip  P ro g ra m , administered
culture of competitive creativity, SMG provides an
industry.To incentivize excellence and foster a
disruptive solutions for the evolving electric vehicle
students from diverse universities to engineer
nexus  for  technical  innovation,  challenging
funded hackathons. These events serve as a critical
landscape through its series of high-impact,
presence  across  India’s  premier  academic
SMG Electric Scooters has established a formidable
SMG  Funded  Hackathons SMG SCHOLARSHIPS
----------------Page (10) Break----------------
12/18
CHANDIGARH on 13th August. 
University  in  Collaboration  with  TIE
speaker at event organized at Chitkara
ELECTRIC SCOOTERS was invited as guest
Mr Abhi Sharma, Chief Operating Officer, SMG
TIE      CHANDIGARH      EVENT                                             
August . 
DESH BHAGAT UNIVERSITY,Ludhiana On 1st
SCOOTERS was invited as a Guest Speaker at
Executive-Northern  Cluster,  SMG  ELECTRIC
Mr  Aniket  Singh,Business  Development
GUEST SPEAKER AT DESH BHAGAT UNIVERSITY          
22nd August at Bengaluru. 
Speaker at ET AUTO SOONICORNS 2025 on
ELECTRIC SCOOTERS was invited as a Panelist
Mr Saurav Gupta, Chief Executive Officer, SMG
   ET   AUTO   SOONICORNS   2025                                 
ACHIEVEMENT AND ALLOCADES
----------------Page (11) Break----------------
13/18
vehicle industry.
with the rigorous demands of the global electric
management professionals is perfectly aligned
that the next generation of engineers and
mentorship. This collaborative ecosystem ensures
state-of-the-art innovation labs and corporate
SMG provides students with direct access to
internships. Through these formal agreements,
pipeline for permanent placements and executive
while  simultaneously  establishing  a  robust
powertrain development and battery technology,
 These MoUs facilitate high-level synergy in EV
application.
between theoretical research and industrial
Apeejay College, the group bridges the gap
(LPU), alongside CT Group of Institutions and
College (PEC), and Lovely Professional University
entities such as IIT Delhi, Punjab Engineering
academic institutions. By collaborating with elite
Understanding  (MoUs)  with  India’s  premier
Technical and Placement Memorandums of
network  of  strategic  partnerships  through
SMG Electric Scooters has cultivated an expansive
Collaboration & Partnerships
transportation future across Punjab.
and fostering a sustainable, eco-friendly
steadfast commitment to driving innovation
to March 1. Our participation underscores a
P u n ja b  S u m m it in Amritsar from F e b ru a ry  2 8
cutting-edge mobility solutions at the R a n g la
SMG Electric Scooters proudly showcased its
R a n g a la  P u n ja b  S u m m it 
----------------Page (12) Break----------------
14 /18  environment. 
through   a   professional,   resource-rich
corporate expertise, ensuring scalable growth
power a cleaner, more prosperous Punjab.
coworking spaces and exclusive access to SMG’s
delivering innovative, eco-friendly solutions that
leadership. Startups benefit from collaborative
leader in the EV sector. We remain dedicated to
we bridge the gap between ideation and market
policymakers alike, reinforcing SMG's position as a
mentorship, and high-spec incubation facilities,
 His insights resonated with global investors and
integrating  direct  seed  funding,  strategic
required to drive Punjab’s green revolution.
premier ecosystem for visionary entrepreneurs. By
localized manufacturing, and the infrastructure
The SMG Startup Innovation Centre serves as a
perspectives on accelerating electric mobility,
the dedicated EV session. Mr. Gupta shared expert
Gupta as a distinguished panelist speaker during
 A major highlight was the inclusion of Mr. Saurav
transportation.
commitment  to  the  future  of  sustainable
a prestigious platform for showcasing our
P la k s h a  U n iv e rs ity , M o h a li. The event served as
S u m  m  it  2 0 2 6 , held from March 13th–15th at
participation at the P ro g re s s iv e  P u n ja b  In v e s to rs
SMG Electric Scooters proudly concluded its
P u n ja b  In v e s to r S u m  m  it               C E N T R E
environment.                      S M G  S T A R T U P  IN N O V A T IO N
engineering  excellence  in  a  competitive,
fostering entrepreneurship and sustainable
driven solutions for real-world challenges,
event invited innovators to prototype tech-
hackathon held on October 20–21. This flagship
Electric Scooters, is a premier national-level
University and proudly sponsored by SMG
Zinnovatio  3.0,  organized  by  Chandigarh
Z in n o v a tio n  3 .0
----------------Page (13) Break----------------

----------------Page (14) Break----------------
automotive ecosystem.
fostering a high-tech, environmentally responsible
successfully  reinforced  SMG's  leadership  in
carbon  footprint  reduction.  This  event
excellence in eco-friendly manufacturing and
which  honored  supply-chain  partners  for
 A central highlight was the Green Vendor Awards,
to sustainable mobility.
integration, showcasing the brand’s commitment
advancements in EV propulsion and smart
The   event   highlighted   cutting-edge
A w a rd s  at the H o s h ia rp u r  m  a n u fa c tu rin g   p la n t.
hosted its premier T e c h  S h o w  and G re e n  V e n d o r
On February 17, 2026, SMG Electric Scooters
2025
Green Vendors Awards
----------------Page (15) Break----------------
SNA PS HO TS
----------------Page (16) Break----------------
Website:-www.smgelectricscootersltd.com  
Customer Care Number:-1882-318-705/06/07 Email Id:-smgelectricscootersltd@gma il.com
Follow us on
S  M   G
----------------Page (17) Break----------------
